Update what's new for RC 2 (#37389)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-8.md

Assert.Equal(now, collector.LastMeasurement.Timestamp);
```

### System.Numerics.Tensors.TensorPrimitives

> The [System.Numerics.Tensors.TensorPrimitives](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Numerics.Tensors.TensorPrimitives) NuGet package adds built-in .NET support for tensor operations. The tensor primitives optimize data-intensive workloads like those of AI and machine learning.

Author: ```suggestion
The updated [System.Numerics.Tensors](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Numerics.Tensors) NuGet package includes APIs in the new <xref:System.Numerics.Tensors.TensorPrimitives> namespace that add support for tensor operations. The tensor primitives optimize data-intensive workloads like those of AI and machine learning.
```

For more information containerizing .NET apps, see [Containerize a .NET app with dotnet publish](../docker/publish-as-container.md).

#### Publish to tar.gz archive

Starting in .NET 8, you can create a container directly as a *tar.gz* archive. This feature is useful if your workflow isn't straightforward and requires that you, for example, run a scanning tool over your images before pushing them. Once the archive is created, you can move it, scan it, or load it into a local Docker toolchain.

To publish to an archive, add the `ContainerArchiveOutputPath` property to your `dotnet publish` command, for example:

```dotnetcli

> dotnet publish -p PublishProfile=DefaultContainer -p ContainerArchiveOutputPath=./images/sdk-container-demo.tar.gz

Reviewer: I want to write a new code extension that will flag when a code block is longer than 84 characters in length, as that would cause horizontal scrolling. I think this can be rewritten as follows (new-lining each property switch arg): 

```suggestion
dotnet publish \
  -p PublishProfile=DefaultContainer \
  -p ContainerArchiveOutputPath=./images/sdk-container-demo.tar.gz
```
